Update logging docs (#12245)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/extensions/logging.rst

* ``on_step``: Logs the metric at the current step.
* ``on_epoch``: Automatically accumulates and logs at the end of the epoch.
* ``prog_bar``: Logs to the progress bar (Default: ``False``).

> * ``logger``: Logs to the logger like ``Tensorboard``, or any other custom logger passed to the :class:`~pytorch_lightning.trainer.trainer.Trainer` (Default: ``True``).

Author: The changes here fix a weird issue where some text appears in a larger font.

Before: https://pytorch-lightning.readthedocs.io/en/latest/extensions/logging.html#automatic-logging

After: https://152279-178626720-gh.circle-artifacts.com/0/html/extensions/logging.html#automatic-logging

Reviewer: FYI, this was because the indentation whitespace wasn't the right amount. It has to align properly with the start of the previous line after the bullet point indentation.

Author: I see - it looks like it's fixed now though right?

* ``reduce_fx``: Reduction function over step values for end of epoch. Uses :meth:`torch.mean` by default.
* ``enable_graph``: If True, will not auto detach the graph.

> * ``sync_dist``: If True, reduces the metric across devices. Use with care as this may lead to a significant communication overhead.

Reviewer 2: These are some useful fixes! The page looks better now. Thanks!

* ``sync_dist_group``: The DDP group to sync across.
* ``add_dataloader_idx``: If True, appends the index of the current dataloader to the name (when using multiple dataloaders). If False, user needs to give unique names for each dataloader to not mix the values.

> * ``batch_size``: Current batch_size used for accumulating logs logged with ``on_epoch=True``. This will be directly inferred from the loaded batch, but for some data structures you might need to explicitly provide it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``batch_size``: Current batch size used for accumulating logs logged with ``on_epoch=True``. This will be directly inferred from the loaded batch, but for some data structures, you might need to explicitly provide it.
```

Or:

```suggestion
* ``batch_size``: Current ``batch_size`` used for accumulating logs logged with ``on_epoch=True``. This will be directly inferred from the loaded batch, but for some data structures, you might need to explicitly provide it.
```

   trainer = Trainer(log_every_n_steps=k)

> Log Writing Frequency

Author: `flush_logs_every_n_steps` is deprecated

Reviewer 3: Instead of removing the whole section, could you add that loggers can specify their flush frequency

Author: I thought about doing that, but it is really an internal implementation detail of the individual loggers, and I think it makes more sense to go on the docs page for the individual loggers, since it doesn't apply to all loggers. `flush_logs_every_n_steps` is currently **only** on the CSVLogger, and this is stated on the CSVLogger doc: https://pytorch-lightning.readthedocs.io/en/stable/api/pytorch_lightning.loggers.csv_logs.html#csv-logger

Feel free to disagree though

Reviewer 2: Hi, @ananthsub - whenever you have the time, can you take a look at the comment here? If it looks good to you, please resolve this and I can enable auto-merge if all looks good to you as well :)

Author: @ananthsub Can you take a look at this please so we can merge it?

Reviewer 3: @daniellepintz as a user, I may still land on the logger section for this question. To make life easier for users, I would prefer mentioning that individual logger implementations determine their flushing behavior. This also helps users who set `flush_logs_every_n_steps` before v1.7.

Author: sg, updated!

in the `hparams tab <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/tensorboard.html#torch.utils.tensorboard.writer.SummaryWriter.add_hparams>`_.

.. note::

>     If you want to track a metric in the tensorboard hparams tab, log scalars to the key ``hp_metric``. If tracking multiple metrics, initialize ``TensorBoardLogger`` with ``default_hp_metric=False`` and call ``log_hyperparams`` only once with your metric keys and initial values. Subsequent updates can simply be logged to the metric keys. Refer to the examples below for how to set up proper hyperparams metrics tracking within the :doc:`LightningModule <../common/lightning_module>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you want to track a metric in the tensorboard hparams tab, log scalars to the key ``hp_metric``. If tracking multiple metrics, initialize ``TensorBoardLogger`` with ``default_hp_metric=False`` and call ``log_hyperparams`` only once with your metric keys and initial values. Subsequent updates can simply be logged to the metric keys. Refer to the examples below for setting up proper hyperparams metrics tracking within the :doc:`LightningModule <../common/lightning_module>`.
```
